hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really good and you're
keeping safe and well at the moment in
today's video I'm going to going through
my entire food shop whole this is no
joke the highlight of my week at the
moment I managed to pick up all my
goodies and I did like a clicking
collect order for this which they're
quite tricky to get obviously with
everything going on at the moment
I actually really like online food
shopping and I'm definitely going to sit
it's just a lot easier because you can
actually see all the new in I feel like
I've got more of a variety before we go
ahead if you could hit this video with a
like I would really appreciate it so
this is everything we have got look how
much green new there is over there I'm
just going to do in my usual format and
going through that section so I do like
the veg through the snacks all about
kind of so everything I got from
Waitrose I do not normally do my whole
big food shop there but like I said it's
just a bit trickier at the moment so
just making do with what we can get and
everything like that
they're definitely a bit more pricier
but I do like how they have a lot more
like a variety of like different
products instead of which is a nice
change so that for anyone who doesn't
know I am in a cutting phase at the
moment so I'm trying to lower my body
fat I'm doing this really steadily it's
nothing drastic I'm not in like a
ridiculous calorie deficit whole
approach to lower my belief er trying to
lose weight whatever you want to call it
is always really steadily and slowly I'm
not trying to lose like a ton of weight
to it is to be absolutely never ever
ever restrictive I don't exclude any one
food group I have chocolate every day
and have bread every day that is there's
a lot of myths around like bread carbs
everything like that and if you are
trying to lose weight it isn't like it's
not one Eaton's is never at like a
wonderful group that you should cross
that out it's just about actually
realizing how much your intake is and
like what you're out taking so I'm going
to start in this little corner so I'll
mention the things that like I didn't
get from waitress breakthroughs major
ease weight
so I picked up two classes of my almond
and sweetened milk this is my actually
go to I did run out of breath for about
a week and I felt like my foods just
didn't taste the same I have and I'm
twisted on in like all my oats
I add it into like my cooking dishes
even in tonight dinner recipes as
receive this all the time so it was
really mixed and I actually have my
coffees black did you stick I've never
been out to have like all the milk in
coffees I just don't think it tastes
right it's strange but that's just me so
yeah I picked up two because I had a
muscle food delivery so I'll show you I
got from there
this is it sponsored by the work I love
the liquid egg whites that come in a
carton this saves me so much time and
I'm not wasting any yolks or anything
then I got a big pot of low fat natural
cottage cheese and this is smoked so
much if you fall with your while you'll
know that I use it in quite a lot of our
recipes use it in cottage cheese
pancakes it tastes absolutely amazing in
it pancakes I'll leave a link to like
the recipes and my recipe ebook down
below then I got this year valley 0%
natural yogurt so I should put a natural
yoghurt - Greek yogurt it's also a
little bit lower in sugar
I do go through these pots quite quickly
like they stick only seems to last me a
few days because I just add it to
everything and anything dairy adjusting
to add into like my chicken recipes the
lot and I picked up some more coffee
pods I have been ordering a lot of my
like miss presto pods off Amazon and
I've got these espresso deck remote
promoter intensity at 7 the eco friendly
which is good and I've got this from
Amazon which is just organic it's like
apple cider vinegar this is very nice
we'd like a bit of honey in your tea in
a night if you suffer any like little
bits of bloating especially I need them
in I really recommend this and this
lasts quite a while they've been it was
only a few pounds off Amazon
anything that can I'll make sure is
linked down in the description box I've
just eaten one of these to test them
before I mentioned the one he just
haven't tried them before I really like
this brand called NAND Nan's Narns don't
know pronounce it and they're like 55%
left sugar like biscuits and then they
that bakes I've had the really did a few
different flavors but not this one and
they're just like four grain oats
cleanly and really nicely not your spoon
I like swing clean these onto like might
actually like if I break them up picked
up this orange intense dark chocolate
it's got like little almond chunks in
they do have this in sony flavors that
you've probably seen them but I
absolutely love these in my protein oats
in the morning and I love having them on
an evening and for me I have got the
biggest sweet tooth I have chocolate one
of my favorite things over the past
years I've tried to completely cut it
out and then it just didn't work for me
I like to always have chocolate in mine
and you've got your macros set to suit
yourself like you can definitely reach
your fitness goals and you don't have to
cook anything out of your diet
especially something that you really
enjoy so that ice to mention with that I
also got some of these are melting I
picked up a pack of fab lollies because
obviously the weather's so nice and I
actually have these yet but these are my
favorite lollies like just hitting that
start childhood memories gonna pop these
in the freezer before your melt some
clarity about two packs of CDs I love
these in my oats in the morning if
you've seen any more I eat in a day
video up these are really delicious you
can also pop them into smoothies and it
just makes the texture a lot nicer and I
got some Brazil nuts as well I've
struggled to get notes over the past few
weeks because Rose you know smoke
everywhere poor sources I've got this
balsamic vinegar I absolutely love this
on a salad and it just really spices up
like a lot of like meals and stuff I
have this every single day
onto like the bread kind of section
I've got two packs of whole grains live
the stuff it's really heavy
so our two little grits in your hands I
haven't have this for a few weeks
because I'd say it's been out of stock
that this is really high in fiber and
it's wheat free I don't find it like
bloats mini it's really nice to
buy some avocado water
so absolutely love those masonry like
sign as well I got a whole meal piece of
breads I didn't get like much more bread
than this because I still had some in
the freezer
from what I've got last time I get I
have these every single day I'll have
these for lunch
I love having like pizza breads and we'd
like if I make like a curry dish or
anything on a night like that's a really
good shout and there's like 120 calories
in a pizza and I find them a lot more
like a filling than just like new types
of books because I got a barbecue this
week I've got some pink and white
marshmallows like to roast on the
barbecue anything in like smaller
portions or moderation is absolutely
fine like you don't have to cook things
out and go crazy and whatever like diet
or whatever you eat make sure that it's
maintainable don't do anything that's
like drastic it's just not going to last
and it'll be like more like a fad diet
than anything so it kicked up the
popcorn sun-dried-tomato ensure and
sweet and salty a look this brand it's
like 90 calories bought the bag and I
put them in an afternoon I also got
these salted popcorn and microwave in if
you've had your dinner a nice feel a bit
like you should want a bit of something
like whenever I'm watching movies I
always have to be put into something
into a mouth like a bit of a thing so
this is a good example of like something
that's like high volume of food but
still like lower calorie because you can
really end up putting away it sorry
please on a night especially if you're
watching a movie but these are all
snacks going away oh cool then
: things I've got to pack Z's I've
actually so quit that's gluten-free 23
calories like per one really nice with
like some avocado on top need to put
some like tomato just a good little
snack to keep you going like in between
meal and I also picked up these hello
apple and cinnamon I've got another pack
down there and my goodness these are
insane these are like my favorite ones
from this brand I've got 12 free range
of medium eggs just for like from having
like poached eggs or bacon loads recent
news where else I thought these would be
good as well as like poached eggs for
lunch and they're now moving on to the
meat section we mainly got all our meat
from muscle food to have a delivery the
other day I've been really liking and
their needs so yet this ruler and you
get a lot you get a lot of volume like
for your money so I've got two packs of
naturally smoked turkey breast rashes
these are from Waitrose happens probably
already know by now I mean turkey rashes
is a serious like look I absolutely love
them happen daily there's just 24
calories like per one and they're really
high protein and low fat so I've got two
packs of bone and then on to like the
muscle food stuff so we actually have
these last night we have them on the
barbecue that 23 range grass-fed beef
meatball it tasted insane and we really
have to about the quality of the meat
from this place a me not to froze if
you're paying in a box and they're all
frozen so much chicken breast fill it I
like how they've separated rather than
in that one big huge container then I
picked up two
free-range beef rib eye steaks I've had
these these last week and they're so
tasty I've got one of those like steak
cookers and that's been a game-changer
but I think these every night on the
barbecue as well because it's so
swimmingly okay in a minute oh my god
it's like a dream and I've got some
chicken breast mints and they also have
loads of options on the time which was
course how southern pride and dirt diver
chicken that's already like seasoned
which makes life easier
I've got some barbecue chicken today
some more chicken breasts filling like
we got a lot of meat and for a good
price which I'm really happy with to
rump steaks a beef stir-fry strips oh I
absolutely love a stir-fry at the moment
like this and like rice noodles slow
take two packs of the beef stir-fry
stir-fry strips so yeah we've got a lot
of meat there and that's going to last
it to more conscious of like my red meat
intake had quite a lot recently
then the greener release oh I've got
this huge pack of kale and I'm not like
a huge kale fan all right greenery
person in a sense but what like this is
you can add it into like any like stir
fries anything about chicken fajitas and
they don't really taste it it's not like
strong tasting and you can also put this
in the oven and like bake it so it's
like kale crisps if you like put some
seasoning on so that's really awesome
ginger oh my god I love this right if
you grate ginger and put like lemon a
bit of honey similar to like the apple
cider vinegar that is so nice in a
morning and really refreshing it just
makes you feel like you know hell on a
salad bags because Mason oh my god Mason
each like two bags in a day it's
ridiculous so yes I was very for a while
and my advocate is my absolute favorite
in life salad what I do is my style is
put like some chopped garlic in there
chop some onions and then that balsamic
vinegar and like any bits of tomatoes
and I think it tastes so nice if you're
someone who's got like a huge appetite
similar to me then that's a good way to
like bump up your meals and again just
like add more volume so yeah the wives
work here and then
lots of baby spinach i at least to like
mainly all my smoothies and again you
can put it in that key or evening meal
dishes and you can't really taste it if
you're someone who doesn't really like
green huge onion I cook all my like
evening meals with an onion onion is one
of my favorite but if you are if you are
also attracting remember to track the
music you'll be surprised like that is
one thing that I made the mistake of
when I first like start tracking my
macros in calories and whatnot I wasn't
tracking like my bed because I just
thought oh it's got nothing in it but I
mean I prefer red onion in like more
like salads and like something like
lighter stuff then I just got some
mushrooms
this was quite a large portion and I
love just like chopping knees and adding
them into like anything like breakfast
lunch just got some lemons these I love
like making like chicken dishes with
lemon and then again right you can
squeeze these on to salads and stuff and
then I've got some carers I mainly snack
on these more than I do cook them to be
honest like I always take a carrot with
me on a walk it's a bit random
I already empty it's my fruit bowl stuff
but I'll show you on here
I got an array of avocado these this is
like a large already ripe one and then I
got some ones in there which I like
ripen at home that I use these every
single day I love having these Eve like
beef burgers with just every meal and I
always have them on like my piece of
breads and stuff like those are really
good healthy fats when when the weather
it gets nice I always feel like I go for
more fruit options so I've got this huge
pineapple I'm definitely gonna have that
today actually which is really nice just
like chopped up I even thought about
making like a pina colada
over this weekend the weather stays nice
so I can use that for that and make it
feel like I'm on holiday they've got
some like baby oranges when I do like my
daily walks and so if I always take some
fruit with them I'm not going to go out
of the freezer because it's really messy
like the frozen fruit packaging always
it has like red stuff on it I also got
two bags of like a summer berries mix
and also frozen blueberries
I love having those
in my oats in the morning like I just
microwaved them and make them go to like
a really like runny like hotness and it
tastes like to eat like blueberry pie or
some fish being a 24 pack of coke zero
and that is like my sort of like guilty
pleasure at Coke Zero they have got like
sweeteners in and stuff like that but I
really don't even thing that what
explanation was this huge 1kg bag but I
got off gluten free rolled oats from my
protein there's a really good value and
you get the loads again I use these
though it's like to cook with like I
make pancakes all the breakfast in
stores but some microwavable Mexican
styled rice these really takes me back
to a childhood like back in the day
before like I started going to the gym
and stuff like that I would literally
just microwave like the whole bag of
what makes in style rice and just eat
that of like some mayonnaise on the side
that brings us to the end of this video
I really hope you enjoyed it I
absolutely love food shops and a food
whole you know what other videos you
like to see on my channel if you haven't
already don't get to like and subscribe
and I'll see you guys in the next video